Sync PTP Operator installation to match SR-IOV Network Operator procedure (#26182)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ptp-installing-operator.adoc

.Procedure

. To create a namespace for the PTP Operator, enter the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat << EOF| oc create -f -
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: openshift-ptp
  labels:
    name: openshift-ptp
    openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"
EOF
----

> . To create an operator group for the Operator, enter the following command:

Reviewer: Is "operator group" capitalized correctly?

spec:
  targetNamespaces:
  - openshift-ptp
EOF
----

. Subscribe to the PTP Operator.

> .. Run the following command to get the {product-title} major and minor version. It is required for the `channel` value in the next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Run the following command to set the {product-title} major and minor version as an environment variable, which is used as the `channel` value in the next
```
